That was terrible. I could have answered that better.
No, you did great, really.
I've always been hard on myself.
Really, he's printing our faith.
Then have we, um, no, that's all.
Sometimes, it made me so anxious
that even the normal stuff I do felt impossible.
So what do you think brings this out?
I don't know, maybe, maybe lately,
it's because I'm thinking about escape.
If I can reach that goal, it'll be fine.
Let me see.
How about we read a scripture that might help?
They didn't discourage me from escape,
but they suggested I try to manage the anxiety first.
I was on it.
If I focused on my goal and took care of myself,
I'd get there.
Maybe it was a little too much focus.
Thank you, brothers.
So, I'm the right.
Escape would be a lot for me right now.
I'm sorry.
But you get there.
I tried everything to fix this.
What's wrong with me?
Nothing.
Some things just take time.
Hey, I have Lily's study tomorrow morning.
I could use your help.
I want to get baptized.
But I don't know.
You all do so much.
I don't think I could ever really be.
I think I understand.
Can I show you something?
Micah 68.
What do you read that?
He has told you, oh man, what is good?
And what is Jehovah requiring of you?
Only to exercise justice, to cherish loyalty,
and to walk in modesty with your God.
That last part, walk in modesty.
That's about knowing our limitations.
So, is Jehovah happy with what you can do?
Or does he want what you can to do?
He only expects what I can do.
Then, why should we expect more?
Turns out, I gave Lily the same advice that brothers gave me.
It was my turn to apply it.
I had to be honest with myself.
My limitation was my own high expectations.
I've been doing it so long that there was no quick fix.
It didn't mean giving up on my goals though.
I just tried to focus more on what I could do in the present.
Like having more empathy for people who feel like I do.
And showing them how much Jehovah values them.
We could tell by the student how we...
How we overcame a challenge.
True this, I can actually do a lot for Jehovah.
With the reasonable expectations.